>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
I wanna go a little bit deeper.
Let's go back into our details.test.js.
I wanna make sure that when
toggle motor was called that show
motor becomes toggled, right.
So, you can actually do a little
bit more in-depth testing here.
So I'm gonna say shows modal
when togggleModal is called.
Okay.
So I'm gonna say const
c = create details and
I'm gonna say search.
We'll just give it an empty function,
so it will happily construct
itself cuz it requires one.
Then, I'm gonna say const
instance = c.getInstance.
So, this is actually giving me back
an instance of my particular element,
so I can actually manipulate
it directly here in node.
So, if I'm gonna say thing,
expect instance.state.showModal
to be false
Then I'm gonna say
instance.toggleModal which
is going to be that function
that we have inside of details,
just to show you again, it's this one.
Line 40 here, inside the details.
>> Brian Holt: ToggleModal And I'm gonna
say expect(instance.state.showModal).
toBe(true).
>> Brian Holt: So basically on
construction, I expect not to show
the modal and then after I call
toggleModal, I expect it to be true.
>> Brian Holt: Run tests.
>> Brian Holt: And
you can see that should pass.
Now the first thing, whenever I write
a test that pass, personally something in
just my own personal thing is I
wanna make sure I can make it fail.
I want to make sure that it fails and
I expect it to fail.
So an easy way to do this would be to
go into Details If I turn
this state wherever it is.
Here.
State equals showModal false.
If I turn this to true we would
expect it to not pass the test right?
Because on construction
showModal will be true.
>> Brian Holt: Lo and behold,
it does fail because it's gonna fail that
first assertion, then on construction,
it's gonna be false, okay?
One more time just to make sure we
can make it fail the other way is I'm
gonna make it so
that I forgot this exclamation point,
which is not going to flip it, right?
You would expect it to
fail the second assertion.
>> Brian Holt: And you can see here
now it fails the second assertion.
>> Brian Holt: So expected to be true and
what it received was false.
Another thing I like with Jest is it gives
you succinct things like this is the one
that failed, like this to be assertion
failed and I expect it to get true and
I got false.
Now with booleans that's obvious how
it failed, right, but if you have like
long objects of configurations, it'll
give you the actual value that failed.
So go back in, save it
>> Brian Holt: And run npm test again.